Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.
1. What is your name? 
Sean Dunn
2. Why are you interested in Data Science?
The short answer is that I am a nerd and I think this might be my calling. I started my career in IT as a Graphic Artist and a Web Developer. I belive that Big Data is a natural progression of my tallents.
3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?
The first language I learned was Lingo for Director. I moved on to HTML and CSS. Shortly after that I need to deal with databases and learned SQL and PHP. I also have experience with javascript on the web side of things. I have a certification in Java. I have touched Python and R. I am also certified in Linux and am familuar with BASH. I don't code in my current position but I am confident in my ability to learn and draw on past experience.
4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
This is the area of this program that terrifies me. I took an elementary statistics class prior to applying to the program. My performance was not a failure. My current position does not use any statistics
5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?
When I was judging whether or not I would like this course of study I found a couple free of online courses and tried both languages on for size. I have used a few languages and the same rings true for these. Google->try->fail->repeat
6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?
I hope to learn how to code smarter using Python and R. when I say smarter I mean those life changing tips and tricks. for instance, if you are using PHP and you need a dropdown list for the states in the US. the smart move is to build this in a standalone function so you can call it anytime you like. In Java and other OOPs understanding how to use polymorphism and inheritance can save you a lot of lines of code.
7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
No nothing at this time.